Initial event-native documentation (#935)
gravitee-io/gravitee-docs: pages/apim/3.x/v4-beta/v4-beta-event-native-apim-example-use-cases.adoc

[[v4-beta-event-native-apim-example-use-cases]]
= Event-native API Management example use cases
:page-sidebar: apim_3_x_sidebar
:page-permalink: apim/3.x/event_native_apim_example_use_cases.html
:page-folder: apim/v4-beta
:page-layout: apim3x

[label label-version]#New in version 3.20.0#
[label label-version]#BETA release#

[NOTE]
====
This document assumes you are familiar with synchronous APIs, asynchronous APIs, and the OpenAPI specification.
====

This page describes some example use cases for event-native API management.

== Prerequisites

=== Kafka

These examples all depend on Kafka. To set up a Kafka Docker container with the link:https://github.com/tchiotludo/akhq[AKHQ] UI, follow these steps.

1. Download `link:https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tchiotludo/akhq/master/docker-compose.yml[docker-compose.yml]`.

2. Run it locally.
+
[source, bash]
----
docker-compose pull
docker-compose up
----

You can now access the AKHQ UI at http://localhost:8080.

===  Enabling event-native API management

> To run these examples, you must set the `gravitee_api_jupiterMode_enabled` environment variable to `true` on the Management API and the API Gateway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run these examples, you must enable the link:{{'/apim/3.x/v4_new_policy_execution_engine_introduction.html#how_to_enable_and_disable_the_new_engine' | relative_url }}[new V4 BETA policy execution engine] first by setting the `gravitee_api_jupiterMode_enabled` environment variable to `true` on the Management API and the API Gateway.
```

> See link:{{'/apim/3.x/apim_installguide_rest_apis_configuration.html#environment_variables' | relative_url }}[Environment variables] on the Management API and link:{{'/apim/3.x/apim_installguide_gateway_configuration.html#environment_variables' | relative_url }}[Environment variables] on the API Gateway for more detail about setting environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: See link:{{'/apim/3.x/apim_installguide_rest_apis_configuration.html#environment_variables' | relative_url }}[Environment variables] on the Management API and link:{{'/apim/3.x/apim_installguide_gateway_configuration.html#environment_variables' | relative_url }}[Environment variables] on the API Gateway for more detail about setting environment variables.
```
